<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title>About Cloudsoft </title>
        <link rel="shortcut icon"  href="#{request.contextPath}/resources/images/logoicon.ico" type="image/x-icon"/> 
        <script data-ad-client="ca-pub-9824241097560337" async='async' src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js">
        </script>
    </h:head>

    <h:body style="background: #6362dc">

        <div>
            <b:form>
                <ui:include src="header.xhtml"/>
            </b:form>
        </div>

        <b:container  fluid="false" >

            <div>
                <p:spacer height="80px" /> <!-- this is a space  -->
            </div>

            <div class="col-sm-2">
                <!-- Space  -->

            </div>
            <div class="col-sm-8">
                <div align="center">
                    <b:form>
                         <b:panel  title="About Cloudsoft Consulting Limited" style="background: #adacdd; color: black;font-size: smaller">
                             <div align="left" style="background: #adacdd">
                                <h3>  About Cloudsoft Consulting Limited </h3>

                            </div>
                            <br />

                            <p style="background: #ccccff;font-size: medium ">
                                <div align="center"  >
                                    <h4 style="background: gray">  Company Overview </h4>
                                </div>
                            </p>

                            <p align="justify" style="font-size: small">

                                Cloudsoft Consulting Limited is an indigenous Information and Communications Technology company and specialized in software development, ICT training, cloud infrastructure provisioning, software migration from on-promise data center into cloud virtualized instance(s), cloud-based hosting, web application development, etc. This ICT Company has being rendering services on the above mentioned areas since 2013 and later got registered recently in the year 2016.

                                We have a dynamic team of dedicated professionals who are committed to delivering the highest level of quality services and value to our customers our staff work diligently to understand your business and partner with you to successful execute your projects. We always try to use the latest technology in the field of IT towards solving our client’s problem. 

                                ICT field is generally dynamic, this is because evolvement is the key thing in this world. We therefore always learn new technologies and implement those technologies so we can meet the specific requirements of our clients.

                                When Consulting Limited is charged with an ICT training of a group or staff of a particular organization, we always deliver a world class training facilitated by our esteem team of professionals in such regards. Practical and true life problems are of paramount important during our trainings and we always encourage hands-on labs sessions. 

                            </p>

                            <p style="background: #ccccff;font-size: medium">
                                <div align="center">
                                    <h4 style="background: gray"> Our Mission</h4>
                                </div>
                            </p>

                            <p align="justify" style="font-size: small">
                                Our mission is to provide unique, excellent and world class ICT consultancy, ICT training and development services of International standards, utilizing State-of-the-Art technology that will meet the specific requirements of our clients. 

                            </p>

                            <p style="background: #ccccff;font-size: medium;animation:linear;animation-delay: 20">

                            </p>

                            <p align="justify" style="font-size: small">
                                Our vision is to build a company with worldwide reputation for integrity, efficiency and effectiveness in service delivery and with capabilities that will meet the needs of our clients.

                                The Team Members of Cloudsoft Consulting Limited acquired a sound knowledge IT Solutions and training. Our team studied IT or IT related courses and obtained certificate from Nigerian as well as foreign universities/polytechnics. Our technical team obtained qualifications such as MSc. Computer Science, BSc. Computer Science, BSc. Information Technology, HND Computer Science, MSc. Cloud Computing Development, MSc. Statistics, etc with experience of extensive IT Development and Management, makes this team one of the few eligible professional players in the IT Solutions Field. 
                            </p>

                            <p style="background: #ccccff;font-size: medium;animation:linear;animation-delay: 20">
                                <div align="center">
                                    <h4 style="background: gray">    Organization Chart </h4>
                                </div>
                            </p>

                            <h:form class="col-sm-8">
                                <p:graphicImage name="/images/org chart.gif" styleClass="content" class="col-sm-8"/>
                            </h:form>

 
                        </b:panel>
                    </b:form>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="col-sm-2">
                <!-- Space  -->
            </div>

        </b:container>
        <h:form >
            <div>
                <b:form>
                    <ui:include src="footera.xhtml"/>
                </b:form>
            </div>

        </h:form>
    </h:body>
</html>

